# Section 27: Changing Pages with Routing [Angular < 16]

## Aulas
- 445. Module Introduction `1min`
- 446. Why do we need a Router? `1min`
- 447. Understanding the Example Project `1min`
- 448. Setting up and Loading Routes `8min`
- 449. Navigating with Router Links `5min`
- 450. Understanding Navigation Paths `5min`
- 451. Styling Active Router Links `5min`
- 452. Navigating Programmatically `3min`
- 453. Using Relative Paths in Programmatic Navigation `5min`
- 454. Passing Parameters to Routes `3min`
- 455. Fetching Route Parameters `4min`
- 456. Fetching Route Parameters Reactively `7min`
- 457. An Important Note about Route Observables `3min`
- 458. Passing Query Parameters and Fragments `6min`
- 459. Retrieving Query Parameters and Fragments `3min`
- 460. Practicing and some Common Gotchas `6min`
- 461. Setting up Child (Nested) Routes `4min`
- 462. Using Query Parameters - Practice `6min`
- 463. Configuring the Handling of Query Parameters `2min`
- 464. Redirecting and Wildcard Routes `5min`
- 465. Important: Redirection Path Matching `1min`
- 466. Outsourcing the Route Configuration `5min`
- 467. An Introduction to Guards `2min`
- 468. Protecting Routes with canActivate `9min`
- 469. Protecting Child (Nested) Routes with canActivateChild `3min`
- 470. Using a Fake Auth Service `2min`
- 471. Controlling Navigation with canDeactivate `12min`
- 472. Passing Static Data to a Route `6min`
- 473. Resolving Dynamic Data with the resolve Guard `10min`
- 474. Understanding Location Strategies `5min`
- 475. Wrap Up `1min`
