# Section 18: The Basics [Angular < 16]

## Aulas
- 330. About This Section `1min`
- 331. Module Introduction `1min`
- 332. How an Angular App gets Loaded and Started `7min`
- 333. Components are Important! `3min`
- 334. Creating a New Component `7min`
- 335. Understanding the Role of AppModule and Component Declaration `5min`
- 336. Working with Standalone Components `1min`
- 337. Using Custom Components `1min`
- 338. Creating Components with the CLI & Nesting Components `4min`
- 339. Working with Component Templates `3min`
- 340. Working with Component Styles `4min`
- 341. Fully Understanding the Component Selector `4min`
- Assignment 1: Practicing Components
- 342. [OPTIONAL] Assignment Solution `7min`
- 343. What is Databinding? `3min`
- 344. String Interpolation `5min`
- 345. Property Binding `7min`
- 346. Property Binding vs String Interpolation `3min`
- 347. Event Binding `4min`
- 348. Bindable Properties and Events `1min`
- 349. Passing and Using Data with Event Binding `5min`
- 350. Important: FormsModule is Required for Two-Way-Binding! `1min`
- 351. Two-Way-Databinding `3min`
- 352. Combining all Forms of Databinding `2min`
- Assignment 2: Practicing Databinding
- 353. [OPTIONAL] Assignment Solution `5min`
- 354. Understanding Directives `2min`
- 355. Using ngIf to Output Data Conditionally `4min`
- 356. Enhancing ngIf with an Else Condition `3min`
- 357. Angular 17: Alternative "if" Syntax `1min`
- 358. Styling Elements Dynamically with ngStyle `5min`
- 359. Applying CSS Classes Dynamically with ngClass `3min`
- 360. Outputting Lists with ngFor `4min`
- 361. Angular 17: Alternative "for" Syntax `1min`
- Assignment 3: Practicing Directives
- 362. [OPTIONAL] Assignment Solution `7min`
- 363. Getting the Index when using ngFor `3min`
