# Node.js, Express, MongoDB & More
The Complete Bootcamp


## Conteúdo
- Master the entire modern back-end stack: Node, Express, MongoDB and Mongoose (MongoDB JS driver)
- Build a complete, beautiful & real-world application from start to finish (API and server-side rendered website)
- Build a fast, scalable, feature-rich RESTful API (includes filters, sorts, pagination, and much more)
- Learn how Node really works behind the scenes: event loop, blocking vs non-blocking code, streams, modules, etc.
- CRUD operations with MongoDB and Mongoose
- Deep dive into mongoose (including all advanced features)
- How to work with data in NoSQL databases (including geospatial data)
- Advanced authentication and authorization (including password reset)
- Security: encryption, sanitization, rate limiting, etc.
- Server-side website rendering with Pug templates
- Credit card payments with Stripe
- Sending emails & uploading files
- Deploy the final application to production (including a Git crash-course)
- Downloadable videos, code and design assets for projects

https://institutoeldorado.udemy.com/course/nodejs-express-mongodb-bootcamp/learn/lecture/15080938#overview

Do you want to build fast and powerful back-end applications with JavaScript? Would you like to become a more complete and in-demand developer?

Then Node.js is the hot technology for you to learn right now, and you came to the right place to do it!

Welcome to the Complete Node.js, Express, and MongoDB Bootcamp, your fast track to modern back-end development.

This course is the perfect all-in-one package that will take you from a complete beginner to an advanced, highly-skilled Node.js developer.

Like all my other courses, this one is completely project-based! And not just any project: it's a complete, beautiful, and feature-rich application, containing both a RESTful API and a server-side rendered website. It's the most fantastic and complete project that you will find in any Node.js course on the internet!

By building this huge project, you will learn all the skills that you need in order to plan, build, and deploy your own modern back-end applications with Node.js and related technologies.

(If you feel like exploring the project, you can do so at www[.]natours[.]dev. And this is only a small part of the project! Log in with "laura@example.com" and password "test1234")



After finishing this course, you will:

1) Be building your own fast, scalable, and powerful Node.js RESTful APIs or web applications;

2) Truly understand how Node.js works behind the scenes;

3) Be able to work with NoSQL data and model data in real-world situations (a hugely important skill);

4) Know how modern back-end development works, and how all the different technologies fit together (hard to understand from scattered tutorials and videos);

5) Have experience in professionally used tools and libraries like Express, Mongoose, Stripe, Sendgrid, Atlas, Compass, Git, Heroku, and many more;

6) Have built a complete application, which is a perfect starting point for your own applications in the future.

Please note that this course is NOT for absolute web development beginners, so you should already be familiar with basic JavaScript. NO back-end experience required though!



It's an absolutely full-packed, deep-dive course with over 40 hours of content!

Since this is the "Complete Node.js Bootcamp", the course is crammed with tons of different technologies, techniques, and tools, so that you walk away from the course as a complete Node.js developer.

That's why the course turned out to be over 40 hours long. But if that sounds like too much for you, don't worry, there are videos or entire sections that you can safely skip.

Here is exactly what you're gonna learn:

Fundamentals of Node.js, core modules, and NPM (Node Package Manager)

How Node.js works behind the scenes: event loop, blocking vs non-blocking code, event-driven architecture, streams, modules, etc.

Fundamentals of Express (Node.js framework): routing, middleware, sending responses, etc.

RESTful API design and development with advanced features: filtering, sorting, aliasing, pagination

Server-side website rendering (HTML) with Pug templates

CRUD operations with MongoDB database locally and on the Atlas platform (in the cloud)

Advanced MongoDB: geospatial queries, aggregation pipeline, and operators

Fundamentals of Mongoose (MongoDB JS driver): Data models, CRUD operations, data validation, and middleware

Advanced Mongoose features: modeling geospatial data, populates, virtual populates, indexes, etc.

Using the MVC (Model-View-Controller) architecture

How to work with data in NoSQL databases

Advanced data modelling: relationships between data, embedding, referencing, and more

Complete modern authentication with JWT: user sign up, log in, password reset, secure cookies, etc.

Authorization (user roles)

Security: best practices, encryption, sanitization, rate limiting, etc.

Accepting credit card payments with Stripe: Complete integration on the back-end and front-end

Uploading files and image processing

Sending emails with Mailtrap and Sendgrid

Advanced error handling workflows

Deploying Node.js application to production with Heroku

Git and GitHub crash course

And so much more!



Why should you learn Node.js and take this course?

If you want to learn Node.js and modern back-end development, then there is no doubt that this course is for you!

It's the biggest Node.js course on the internet, it has by far the most complete course project, and offers the most in-depth explanations of all topics included.

And even if you already know some Node.js, you should still take this course, because it contains subjects that are not covered anywhere else, or not in the same depth!

But maybe you're not yet convinced that Node.js really is the right technology for you to learn right now?

Well, first, Node.js will allow you to use your JavaScript skills to build applications on the back-end. That itself is a huge gain, which makes your full-stack development process so much easier and faster.

Plus, popularity and opportunities for Node.js are off the charts. It's a modern, proven, and reliable technology, used by tech giants (and 6-figure-salary-paying companies) like Netflix, PayPal, Uber, and many more.

Node.js really is what you should invest your time in, instead of outdated technology like PHP.

In summary, if you already know JavaScript, learning Node is the logical next step for you! It will make you a better, more versatile, and more complete developer, which will ultimately boost your opportunities in the job market!

And I created this course to help you do exactly that! It really is the course I wish I had when I was first learning back-end development with Node.js and all related technologies.



And this is what you get by signing up today:

Lifetime access to 40+ hours of HD quality videos. No monthly subscription. Learn at your own pace, whenever you want;

Friendly and fast support in the course Q&A whenever you have questions or get stuck;

English closed captions (not the auto-generated ones provided by Udemy);

Course slides in PDF format;

Downloadable assets, starter code, and final code for each section;

Lots of small challenges are included in the videos so you can track your progress.



And now, I hope to welcome you as a new student in my course! So click that "Enroll" button right now, and join me in this adventure today!

But if you're not 100% sure yet, just go ahead and watch the promo video to take a look at the course project. I promise you will be amazed :)

See you in the course!

