# Section 31: Handling Forms in Angular Apps [Angular < 16]

## Aulas
- 504. Module Introduction `1min`
- 505. Why do we Need Angular's Help? `2min`
- 506. Template-Driven (TD) vs Reactive Approach `1min`
- 507. An Example Form `2min`
- 508. TD: Creating the Form and Registering the Controls `6min`
- 509. TD: Submitting and Using the Form `6min`
- 510. TD: Understanding Form State `2min`
- 511. TD: Accessing the Form with @ViewChild `3min`
- 512. TD: Adding Validation to check User Input `4min`
- 513. Built-in Validators & Using HTML5 Validation `1min`
- 514. TD: Using the Form State `4min`
- 515. TD: Outputting Validation Error Messages `2min`
- 516. TD: Set Default Values with ngModel Property Binding `2min`
- 517. TD: Using ngModel with Two-Way-Binding `3min`
- 518. TD: Grouping Form Controls `4min`
- 519. TD: Handling Radio Buttons `3min`
- 520. TD: Setting and Patching Form Values `5min`
- 521. TD: Using Form Data `5min`
- 522. TD: Resetting Forms `2min`
- Assignment 6: Practicing Template-Driven Forms
- 523. Introduction to the Reactive Approach `1min`
- 524. Reactive: Setup `2min`
- 525. Reactive: Creating a Form in Code `4min`
- 526. Reactive: Syncing HTML and Form `4min`
- 527. Reactive: Submitting the Form `2min`
- 528. Reactive: Adding Validation `3min`
- 529. Reactive: Getting Access to Controls `4min`
- 530. Reactive: Grouping Controls `4min`
- 531. Fixing a Bug `1min`
- 532. Reactive: Arrays of Form Controls (FormArray) `8min`
- 533. Reactive: Creating Custom Validators `6min`
- 534. Reactive: Using Error Codes `3min`
- 535. Reactive: Creating a Custom Async Validator `5min`
- 536. Reactive: Reacting to Status or Value Changes `2min`
- 537. Reactive: Setting and Patching Values `2min`
- Assignment 7: Practicing Reactive Forms
- 538. [OPTIONAL] Assignment Solution `14min`
